Improve Architecture docs (#406)
topfreegames/maestro: docs/Architecture.md

Maestro Next is a set of modules that together deliver all features that it is built for. Internally they are all part of the same code base and could be run by giving the right arguments to your command line, or giving the same arguments to your docker container entrypoint. The execution process could be changed by giving correct arguments as environment variables (a proper list will be documented in the correct section).

> Maestro is composed of Management API, Rooms API, Operation Execution Worker, Runtime Watcher Worker, and Metrics Reporter Worker. Each one with its own responsibilities and is broken enough in a way to avoid mixing the execution process. Each module was thought to avoid parallel problems and to give the client more visibility about which **Operations** are being executed and their respective status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maestro is composed of **Management API**, **Rooms API**, **Operation Execution Worker**, **Runtime Watcher Worker**, and **Metrics Reporter Worker.** 

Each module has its responsibilities and is divided apart in a way to avoid mixing the execution process. Each module was thought to avoid parallel problems and to give the client more visibility about which [**Operations**](Operations.md) are being executed and their respective status.
```

> Maestro is composed of Management API, Rooms API, Operation Execution Worker, Runtime Watcher Worker, and Metrics Reporter Worker. Each one with its own responsibilities and is broken enough in a way to avoid mixing the execution process. Each module was thought to avoid parallel problems and to give the client more visibility about which **Operations** are being executed and their respective status.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Maestro is composed of Management API, Rooms API, Operation Execution Worker, Runtime Watcher Worker, and Metrics Reporter Worker. Each one with its own responsibilities and broken enough in a way to avoid mixing the execution process. Each module was thought to avoid parallel problems and to give the client more visibility about which **Operations** are being executed and their respective status.
```

![architecture IMAGE](./diagrams/Architecture.jpg)

### Maestro modules

> ⚠ Note: Maestro currently only supports Kubernetes as Game Rooms runtime system. So Workers interact with them.

#### Management API

> Management API is the module responsible for receiving user requests. It accepts gRPC and HTTP requests. It could be used to fetch a **Scheduler** status or else to execute a change in them. There is some different kind of routes. In the **Scheduler** creation, it simply adds a new entry in the Postgres (and the worker posteriorly creates a respective queue to it). In the fetch **Scheduler** routes, it fetches from Postgres the **Scheduler** information and in the Redis the **Operations**/game rooms information. And in the change routes, it creates **Operations** and enqueues them in the respective **Scheduler** queue in the Redis. Finally, fetch **Operation**/game rooms routes it fetches its information from Redis.

Reviewer: I think you don't have to describe the operations... Maybe simply describing it's the API used to interact with the scheduler as mentioned at Scheduler.md#how-to-operate would be enough

> Management API is the module responsible for receiving user requests. It accepts gRPC and HTTP requests. It could be used to fetch a **Scheduler** status or else to execute a change in them. There is some different kind of routes. In the **Scheduler** creation, it simply adds a new entry in the Postgres (and the worker posteriorly creates a respective queue to it). In the fetch **Scheduler** routes, it fetches from Postgres the **Scheduler** information and in the Redis the **Operations**/game rooms information. And in the change routes, it creates **Operations** and enqueues them in the respective **Scheduler** queue in the Redis. Finally, fetch **Operation**/game rooms routes it fetches its information from Redis.

Reviewer 2: Aren't we dealing with too many details here? WDYT about summarizing a little? 
```suggestion
Management API is the module responsible for receiving user requests. It accepts gRPC and HTTP requests.  It provides several kinds of routes that are aggregated in two services: **schedulers service** and **operations service**.

The **scheduler service** exposes features for managing schedulers, like creating a new scheduler, fetching its information, or updating them.  
The **operations service** exposes features for tracking operations and changing their status, like listing operations by status and canceling them.

Management API relies on Redis for retrieving operations and game rooms, and on Postgres for retrieving and persisting schedulers.

```

![Management API IMAGE](./diagrams/Architecture-Management-API.jpg)

#### Rooms API

> Rooms API is the module that receive requests from game rooms and executes according to which kind of request was done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rooms API is the module that receive requests from game rooms and executes according to which kind of request was done. Also, if there are forwarders configured for the scheduler, those events are forwarded from Maestro.
```

> Rooms API is the module that receive requests from game rooms and executes according to which kind of request was done.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Rooms API is the module that provides an API that **must** be used by game rooms to sync their status with Maestro. To maestro work properly, it needs to be constantly informed about the status of each game room it manages.
```

> > ⚠ Note: The requests that Maestro receives in the Rooms API are documented in [this proto file](https://github.com/topfreegames/protos/blob/master/maestro/grpc/protobuf/events.proto).

Reviewer: Actually, I think this is not right... These proto are used to events forwarded by Maestro. The Rooms-API requests are the ones under OpenAPI - RoomsService. Also, I think it's relevant to mention the Maestro-Client as a useful tool for interacting with it

![Rooms API IMAGE](./diagrams/Architecture-Rooms-API.jpg)

#### Operation Execution Worker

> ⚠ Note: In Maestro a worker is a collection of routines that executes a flow related to one and only one **Scheduler** each.

Operation Execution Worker creates for each **Scheduler** a thread that executes operations enqueued in the related **Scheduler** operation queue. So in this way became possible to track the events that happened and change a certain **Scheduler** in a healthier way.

> The Operations could be:

Reviewer: I think this is not needed here, since this information is described under Operations.md#available-operations

- Create Scheduler: creates a **Scheduler**
- New Scheduler Version: updates a **Scheduler**
- Switch Active Version: change the current **Scheduler** version that is running. It uses the versions to know if the Game Rooms need to be changed
- Add Rooms: adds a number of Game Rooms in a **Scheduler**
- Remove Rooms: removes a number of Game Rooms in a **Scheduler**

![Operation Execution Worker IMAGE](./diagrams/Architecture-Operation-Execution-Worker.jpg)

#### Runtime Watcher Worker

> ⚠ Note: In Maestro a worker is a collection of routines that executes a flow related to one and only one **Scheduler** each.

> Runtime Watcher Worker listens to runtime events related to the **Scheduler** and reflects the changes in the Maestro. Currently, it listens for Game Rooms creation and deletion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Runtime Watcher Worker listens to runtime events related to the **Scheduler** and reflects the changes in **Maestro**. Currently, it listens for Game Rooms creation, deletion, and update.
```

![Runtime Watcher Worker IMAGE](./diagrams/Architecture-Runtime-Watcher-Worker.jpg)

#### Metrics Reporter Worker

> ⚠ Note: In Maestro a worker is a collection of routines that executes a flow related to one and only one **Scheduler** each.

> From time to time Metrics Reporter Worker watch runtime to report metrics from them, such as the number of game rooms instances that are `ready`, `pending`, `error`, `unknown`, or `terminating` status. As well it watches from Game Rooms storage its status that could be `ready`, `pending`, `error`, `occupied`, `terminating`, or `unready`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From time to time Metrics Reporter Worker watch runtime to report metrics from them, such as the number of game rooms instances that are `ready`, `pending`, `error`, `unknown`, or `terminating` status. As well it watches from Game Rooms storage its status that could be `ready`, `pending`, `error`, `occupied`, `terminating`, or `unready`.

This module is optional since you don't need it for any specific functionalities of the application.
```
